literature_review/literature_review_notes.md, before:

# RELIEF Literature Review Notes

This is an informal notes file on the papers reviewed. Many notes here are copied directory from the paper. Original papers are linked to the titles below. To be reviewed papers, if needed, are listed in the `literature_review/papers/` directory. Papers are categozied into the categories listed in [Table of Contents](#table-of-contents)

## Table of Contents
1. [General Emotional Regulation Related](#general-emotional-regulation-related)
2. [Cognitive Reframing Related](#cognitive-reframing-related)
3. [PLACEHOLDER](#placeholder)

## General Emotional Regulation Related

#### [Identifying Patterns of Appraising Tests in First-Year College Students: Implications for Anxiety and Emotion Regulation During Test Taking](https://d1wqtxts1xzle7.cloudfront.net/42822770/Identifying_patterns_of_appraising_tests20160218-6287-fqmus5-libre.pdf?1455855234=&response-content-disposition=inline%3B+filename%3DIdentifying_patterns_of_appraising_tests.pdf&Expires=1730826406&Signature=In~JZu6n6qgOvI1fArdsOwbR9fvtEj1KuZSXovslLapyt3KkG9LuFL5dtI6SDWf88pW08s~HCKXjhQRyZWqTcNsB~nn9fF3jxvwX6DliMBnxPokRXVYMjWvSbpWU-3UZFL9jAqOHTrvsbiRczCkT7DzhWTunjK7-aau9f3JV~7s2ALIJfcJrv1T6Ag7h2yikOY-KtnJIqXyPyRkA6-9IkcJYdSPJSQcZs132gr8UQ1LI5ouXpaVftinWhdbCl3llGUEmXvhFDkfaJI03kvo4c5gyL9ca77vGD1rlFYW4yLjWqqpDoRh5fgXhAYtldcu7-JcFrHkM2XS9VGmiRPHXDw__&Key-Pair-Id=APKAJLOHF5GGSLRBV4ZA)
- Defining Emotion Regulation and Regulating During Tests (p944)
    - "Gross and Munoz (1995; see also Gross & Thompson, 2007) outlined five different families of emotion-regulation strategies: situation selection, situation modification, attentional deployment, cognitive change, and response modulation. "
        -  Within the testing context, most students do not have the opportunity to engage in this type of regulation (situation selection). 
        - Davis, Schutz, and DeCuir (1999) found that students with lower levels of test anxiety used attentional deployment to regulate their experience of anxiety by concentrating first on the easy questions on tests and then returning to work on harder questions. In many cases, this helped to reduce the students’ anxiety because they could compare the numbers of easy and hard questions, and they felt confident about their understanding of the material (i.e., given their responses to easy questions) by the time they began working on more challenging questions
        - (Cognitive Change) Each of these four types of regulation strategies could be considered antecedent-focused strategies, in that, when deployed, their intent is to try to alter some element of the context, beliefs, or judgments that bring about the emotion experience. 
        - In contrast, in response modulation, individuals attempt to work on the emotion experience by trying to suppress or extract the emotion they feel. 
        - Gross and Thompson (2007) noted, “One important and as yet unanswered question is how different forms of emotion regulation typically co-occur” (p. 17).
    - Within the field of emotion regulation, the largest body of literature exists in the area of coping
        - Lazarus (2001) defined coping as “the effort to manage psychological stress” (p. 45).
        -  a large body of research has indicated that there may be consequences for reliance on emotion-focused coping strategies, such as higher reports of depression (Rafnsson, Jonsson, & Windle, 2006) and unpleasant emotions like anger (Martin & Dahlen, 2005).
        - In fact, most researchers in the field of coping have suggested that problem-focused coping strategies are generally more productive or adaptive (Moos & Holahan, 2003) 
- Cluster 1
    - According to their raw data, they perceived tests as important and their scores on tests as generally helping them to achieve their goals. Relative to the other clusters, their appraisals of goal importance and congruence were relatively high. However, their slightly higher levels of goal importance and congruence were paired with lower levels of agency and efficacy. Although these students tended to report feeling in control of their outcomes on tests, they reported feeling the least confident to manage problems that emerged during tests.
    - Specifically, we found that students in this cluster reported some of the highest anxiety during tests. When faced with problems during testing, students in this cluster reported lower rates of task-focusing and regaining-task-focusing regulation strategies paired with the highest rates of emotion-focusing strategies. Thus, although they reported some of the highest levels of goal relevance and reported moderate levels of goal congruence, when faced with problems during tests, these students used the fewest strategies to manage the task and their emotions. (p954)
- our findings point to the complex nature of coping strategies—specifically how one set of strategies viewed as unfavorable in the literature (i.e., self-blame) might work well for a particular group of students (e.g., those in the tests in perspective cluster)


#### [Teaching Teachers about Emotion Regulation in the Classroom ](https://ro.ecu.edu.au/cgi/viewcontent.cgi?article=1543&context=ajte)
- Adaptive Emotion Regulation (p5)
    - Individuals differ in their use of emotion regulation strategies, as they differ in their experience and expression of emotions (Gross & John, 2003). By implication, emotion regulation strategies that are effective for one person may not be so for another. **However, there may be some strategies that are universally effective.** For example, Prizmic (2000) found that cognitive reappraisal strategies, such as a student re-evaluating the meaning of a task, have been correlated with more positive emotions; whereas passive strategies, such as distraction or avoidance correlated with more negative emotion after use, while Gross and John (2003) found cognitive strategies in general were more effective than strategies aimed at regulating the bodily affects of emotion. This, however, was only partly supported by Koole (2009) who found that progressive muscle relaxation effectively down-regulates stress.

#### [Gross, J. J. (2015). Emotion regulation: Current status and future prospects. Psychological inquiry, 26(1), 1-26.](https://static1.squarespace.com/static/55917f64e4b0cd3b4705b68c/t/55b7e684e4b07abddd481bf2/1438115460672/Gross+%282015%29+Emotion+Regulation-+Current+status+and+future+inquiry.PDF)
- Cognitive Change (p9)
    "Cognitive change refers to modifying one’s appraisal of a situation in order to alter its emotional impact."
    - Forms of cognitive change strategies
        - Applied to external vs internal situation
            - External: e.g., “This interview isn’t do-ordie; it’s a chance for me to learn more about the industry.”
            - Internal: e.g., “My racing heart isn’t a sign of anxiety; it means my body is preparing for the speech.”
        - Reappraisal: targets either the meaning of a potentially emotioneliciting situation or the self-relevance of a potentially emotioneliciting situation (e.g., “This event doesn’t directly involve me or anyone I love.”; see Kross & Ayduk, 2011). However, the term “reappraisal” is now used so broadly that it is often coextensive with the entire family of cognitive change strategies.
        - Altering how one thinks about one's capacity to manage situation demands (e.g. “Although making this presentation to the management team feels overwhelming, I know I can handle it using the techniques I’ve learned.”)
    - Effect of the cognitive change strategies
        - decreased levels of negative emotion experience
        - no impact on or even decreases sympathetic nervous system responses
        - less activation in emotion-generative brain regions such as the amygdala
        - no impact on subsequent memory or actually improves it
        - can actually enhance performance on exams 
- The Extended Process Model of Emotion Regulation (p9-p16)
    - Valuation
        - emotions—like other types of affect—involve valuation, a “good for me” versus “bad for me” discrimination
        - valuation involves the juxtaposition of a representation of the world with a representation of a desired state of the world (a goal or target state). 
        - dynamic
            - a valuation system becomes inactive when the discrepancy between the goal/target state and world that led to the initial valuation is below threshold for that valuation system (because the representation of either the world or the goal/target state has changed).
    - valuation systems
        - different valuation systems “care” about different types of inputs. They also differ in the time scale over which they operate, in their plasticity (how much they change due to experience), and in the actions they prompt when they encounter a significant input (an input that is relevant to that particular valuation system) (Ochsner & Gross, 2014).
        - core features among valuation systems:
    - Three stages in the extended process model of emotion regulation
        - The Identification Stage
            - This is when the emotion that is being instantiated by the first-level valuation system is detected. 
            - **Perceptual substep**: detect the emotion
            - **valuation substep**: determine whether the value attached to the emotion is sufficiently negative or positive to activate regulation
            - **action substep**: activate a representation, namely, the goal to regulate the emotion
        - The Selection Stage
            - The focus here is the selection of an emotion regulation strategy
            - **Perceptual substep**: presenting potential emotion regulation strategies. 
            - **valuation substep**:  evaluates the potential emotion regulation strategies in terms of the available cognitive and physiological resources & intensity of the emotion.
            - **action substep**: The action output is the activation of a goal to use a particular strategy.
        - The Implementation Stage
            - initiated when the selection stage activates the representation of an emotion regulation strategy
            - Focus is to translate the general strategy (e.g., cognitive change) into tactics that are appropriate to the specific situation one is in
            - **Perceptual substep**: represent relevant features of the world as well as various ways of implementing a particular strategy.
            - **valuation substep**: various tactics are evaluated, and the most promising are selected for implementation
            - **action substep**: implementing the most promising tactic. It is only via the implementation of a regulation tactic that the first-level emotion-generative valuation system is regulated
- Individual Differences in Emotion Regulation (p18)
    - At every life stage, individual differences in emotion regulation are evident. 
    - Individual differences also are evident throughout childhood, adolescence, and adulthood, and may be assessed by a seemingly endless array of measures (John & Eng, 2014). 
    - it is useful to draw distinctions among (a) emotion regulation frequency (how often a particular form of emotion regulation is used: e.g., Gross & John, 2003), (b) emotion regulation self-efficacy (how capable a person believes himself or herself to be in using a particular regulation strategy: e.g., Goldin et al., 2012), and (c) emotion regulation ability (how successful a person actually is in using a particular form of emotion regulation; e.g., Troy, Wilhelm, Shallcross, & Mauss, 2010). 
- 

## Cognitive Reframing Related

#### [Cognitive Behavioral Therapy: Basics and Beyond](https://img3.reoveme.com/m/be38edbbfc79330a.pdf)
-  Typical mistakes in thinking / cognitive distortion types (p181-182)
    1. All-or-nothing thinking (also called black-and-white, polarized, or dichotomous thinking): You view a situation in only two categories instead of on a continuum. Example: “If I’m not a total success, I’m a failure.”
    2. Catastrophizing (also called fortune-telling): You predict the future negatively without considering other, more likely outcomes. Example: “I’ll be so upset, I won’t be able to function at all.”
    3. Disqualifying or discounting the positive: You unreasonably tell yourself that positive experiences, deeds, or qualities do not count. Example: “I did that project well, but that doesn’t mean I’m competent; I just got lucky.”
    4. Emotional reasoning: You think something must be true because you “feel” (actually believe) it so strongly, ignoring or discounting evidence to the contrary. Example: “I know I do a lot of things okay at work, but I still feel like I’m a failure.”
    5. Labeling: You put a fixed, global label on yourself or others without considering that the evidence might more reasonably lead to a less disastrous conclusion. Example: “I’m a loser. He’s no good.”
    6. Magnification/minimization: When you evaluate yourself, another person, or a situation, you unreasonably magnify the negative and/or minimize the positive. Example: “Getting a mediocre evaluation proves how inadequate I am. Getting high marks doesn’t mean I’m smart.”
    7. Mental filter (also called selective abstraction): You pay undue attention to one negative detail instead of seeing the whole picture. Example: “Because I got one low rating on my evaluation [which also contained several high ratings] it means I’m doing a lousy job.”
    8. Mind reading: You believe you know what others are thinking, failing to consider other, more likely possibilities. Example: “He thinks that I don’t know the first thing about this project.”`
- Techniques to modify beliefs (p214)
    - You continue to ask patients how much they currently believe a given belief (0–100%), at both an “intellectual” and at a “gut” or “emotional” level, to gauge whether further work is needed
    - example:
        ```
        Old belief: “If I don’t achieve highly, I’m
        a failure.” (50%)
        New belief: “I’m only an overall failure if
        I actually fail at almost everything.”
        (80%)
        ```
    - Techniques to modify beliefs
        1. Socratic questioning.
        2. Behavioral experiments.
        3. Cognitive continuum.
        4. Intellectual–emotional role plays.
        5. Using others as a reference point.
        6. Acting “as if.”
        7. Self-disclosure.

#### [APA’s handout on The 5 Steps of Cognitive Reframing](https://www.apa.org/pubs/books/supplemental/Treatment-for-Postdisaster-Distress/Handout-28.docx)

Worksheet for Cognitive Reframing (can be used to guide LLM behavior)

#### [Cognitive Behavioral Therapy Los Angeles’s Thought Record worksheet](https://static1.squarespace.com/static/51e36ea9e4b0e2abc3eb9d10/t/5f08fdc8b35453569b131086/1594424776738/Thought+Record+7+Worksheet.pdf) 

Worksheet for Cognitive Reframing (can be used to guide LLM behavior)

## PLACEHOLDER

Commit message:

/+ lit review cognitive reconstructing = cognitive reappraisal

literature_review/literature_review_notes.md, after:

# RELIEF Literature Review Notes

This is an informal notes file on the papers reviewed. Many notes here are copied directory from the paper. Original papers are linked to the titles below. To be reviewed papers, if needed, are listed in the `literature_review/papers/` directory. Papers are categozied into the categories listed in [Table of Contents](#table-of-contents)

## Table of Contents
1. [General Emotional Regulation Related](#general-emotional-regulation-related)
2. [Cognitive Reframing Related](#cognitive-reframing-related)
3. [PLACEHOLDER](#placeholder)

## General Emotional Regulation Related

#### [Identifying Patterns of Appraising Tests in First-Year College Students: Implications for Anxiety and Emotion Regulation During Test Taking](https://d1wqtxts1xzle7.cloudfront.net/42822770/Identifying_patterns_of_appraising_tests20160218-6287-fqmus5-libre.pdf?1455855234=&response-content-disposition=inline%3B+filename%3DIdentifying_patterns_of_appraising_tests.pdf&Expires=1730826406&Signature=In~JZu6n6qgOvI1fArdsOwbR9fvtEj1KuZSXovslLapyt3KkG9LuFL5dtI6SDWf88pW08s~HCKXjhQRyZWqTcNsB~nn9fF3jxvwX6DliMBnxPokRXVYMjWvSbpWU-3UZFL9jAqOHTrvsbiRczCkT7DzhWTunjK7-aau9f3JV~7s2ALIJfcJrv1T6Ag7h2yikOY-KtnJIqXyPyRkA6-9IkcJYdSPJSQcZs132gr8UQ1LI5ouXpaVftinWhdbCl3llGUEmXvhFDkfaJI03kvo4c5gyL9ca77vGD1rlFYW4yLjWqqpDoRh5fgXhAYtldcu7-JcFrHkM2XS9VGmiRPHXDw__&Key-Pair-Id=APKAJLOHF5GGSLRBV4ZA)
- Defining Emotion Regulation and Regulating During Tests (p944)
    - "Gross and Munoz (1995; see also Gross & Thompson, 2007) outlined five different families of emotion-regulation strategies: situation selection, situation modification, attentional deployment, cognitive change, and response modulation. "
        -  Within the testing context, most students do not have the opportunity to engage in this type of regulation (situation selection). 
        - Davis, Schutz, and DeCuir (1999) found that students with lower levels of test anxiety used attentional deployment to regulate their experience of anxiety by concentrating first on the easy questions on tests and then returning to work on harder questions. In many cases, this helped to reduce the students’ anxiety because they could compare the numbers of easy and hard questions, and they felt confident about their understanding of the material (i.e., given their responses to easy questions) by the time they began working on more challenging questions
        - (Cognitive Change) Each of these four types of regulation strategies could be considered antecedent-focused strategies, in that, when deployed, their intent is to try to alter some element of the context, beliefs, or judgments that bring about the emotion experience. 
        - In contrast, in response modulation, individuals attempt to work on the emotion experience by trying to suppress or extract the emotion they feel. 
        - Gross and Thompson (2007) noted, “One important and as yet unanswered question is how different forms of emotion regulation typically co-occur” (p. 17).
    - Within the field of emotion regulation, the largest body of literature exists in the area of coping
        - Lazarus (2001) defined coping as “the effort to manage psychological stress” (p. 45).
        -  a large body of research has indicated that there may be consequences for reliance on emotion-focused coping strategies, such as higher reports of depression (Rafnsson, Jonsson, & Windle, 2006) and unpleasant emotions like anger (Martin & Dahlen, 2005).
        - In fact, most researchers in the field of coping have suggested that problem-focused coping strategies are generally more productive or adaptive (Moos & Holahan, 2003) 
- Cluster 1
    - According to their raw data, they perceived tests as important and their scores on tests as generally helping them to achieve their goals. Relative to the other clusters, their appraisals of goal importance and congruence were relatively high. However, their slightly higher levels of goal importance and congruence were paired with lower levels of agency and efficacy. Although these students tended to report feeling in control of their outcomes on tests, they reported feeling the least confident to manage problems that emerged during tests.
    - Specifically, we found that students in this cluster reported some of the highest anxiety during tests. When faced with problems during testing, students in this cluster reported lower rates of task-focusing and regaining-task-focusing regulation strategies paired with the highest rates of emotion-focusing strategies. Thus, although they reported some of the highest levels of goal relevance and reported moderate levels of goal congruence, when faced with problems during tests, these students used the fewest strategies to manage the task and their emotions. (p954)
- our findings point to the complex nature of coping strategies—specifically how one set of strategies viewed as unfavorable in the literature (i.e., self-blame) might work well for a particular group of students (e.g., those in the tests in perspective cluster)


#### [Teaching Teachers about Emotion Regulation in the Classroom ](https://ro.ecu.edu.au/cgi/viewcontent.cgi?article=1543&context=ajte)
- Adaptive Emotion Regulation (p5)
    - Individuals differ in their use of emotion regulation strategies, as they differ in their experience and expression of emotions (Gross & John, 2003). By implication, emotion regulation strategies that are effective for one person may not be so for another. **However, there may be some strategies that are universally effective.** For example, Prizmic (2000) found that cognitive reappraisal strategies, such as a student re-evaluating the meaning of a task, have been correlated with more positive emotions; whereas passive strategies, such as distraction or avoidance correlated with more negative emotion after use, while Gross and John (2003) found cognitive strategies in general were more effective than strategies aimed at regulating the bodily affects of emotion. This, however, was only partly supported by Koole (2009) who found that progressive muscle relaxation effectively down-regulates stress.

#### [Cognitive Restructuring and Cognitive Reappraisal](https://cogbtherapy.com/cognitive-restructuring-los-angeles#:~:text=Cognitive%20restructuring%2C%20also%20known%20as,to%20reverse%20anxiety%20and%20depression.)
- Cognitive restructuring, also known as cognitive reappraisal, is designed to not only recognize these harmful ways of thinking but to significantly change them to reverse anxiety and depression. 

#### [Gross, J. J. (2015). Emotion regulation: Current status and future prospects. Psychological inquiry, 26(1), 1-26.](https://static1.squarespace.com/static/55917f64e4b0cd3b4705b68c/t/55b7e684e4b07abddd481bf2/1438115460672/Gross+%282015%29+Emotion+Regulation-+Current+status+and+future+inquiry.PDF)
- Cognitive Change (p9)
    "Cognitive change refers to modifying one’s appraisal of a situation in order to alter its emotional impact."
    - Forms of cognitive change strategies
        - Applied to external vs internal situation
            - External: e.g., “This interview isn’t do-ordie; it’s a chance for me to learn more about the industry.”
            - Internal: e.g., “My racing heart isn’t a sign of anxiety; it means my body is preparing for the speech.”
        - Reappraisal: targets either the meaning of a potentially emotioneliciting situation or the self-relevance of a potentially emotioneliciting situation (e.g., “This event doesn’t directly involve me or anyone I love.”; see Kross & Ayduk, 2011). However, the term “reappraisal” is now used so broadly that it is often coextensive with the entire family of cognitive change strategies.
        - Altering how one thinks about one's capacity to manage situation demands (e.g. “Although making this presentation to the management team feels overwhelming, I know I can handle it using the techniques I’ve learned.”)
    - Effect of the cognitive change strategies
        - decreased levels of negative emotion experience
        - no impact on or even decreases sympathetic nervous system responses
        - less activation in emotion-generative brain regions such as the amygdala
        - no impact on subsequent memory or actually improves it
        - can actually enhance performance on exams 
- The Extended Process Model of Emotion Regulation (p9-p16)
    - Valuation
        - emotions—like other types of affect—involve valuation, a “good for me” versus “bad for me” discrimination
        - valuation involves the juxtaposition of a representation of the world with a representation of a desired state of the world (a goal or target state). 
        - dynamic
            - a valuation system becomes inactive when the discrepancy between the goal/target state and world that led to the initial valuation is below threshold for that valuation system (because the representation of either the world or the goal/target state has changed).
    - valuation systems
        - different valuation systems “care” about different types of inputs. They also differ in the time scale over which they operate, in their plasticity (how much they change due to experience), and in the actions they prompt when they encounter a significant input (an input that is relevant to that particular valuation system) (Ochsner & Gross, 2014).
        - core features among valuation systems:
    - Three stages in the extended process model of emotion regulation
        - The Identification Stage
            - This is when the emotion that is being instantiated by the first-level valuation system is detected. 
            - **Perceptual substep**: detect the emotion
            - **valuation substep**: determine whether the value attached to the emotion is sufficiently negative or positive to activate regulation
            - **action substep**: activate a representation, namely, the goal to regulate the emotion
        - The Selection Stage
            - The focus here is the selection of an emotion regulation strategy
            - **Perceptual substep**: presenting potential emotion regulation strategies. 
            - **valuation substep**:  evaluates the potential emotion regulation strategies in terms of the available cognitive and physiological resources & intensity of the emotion.
            - **action substep**: The action output is the activation of a goal to use a particular strategy.
        - The Implementation Stage
            - initiated when the selection stage activates the representation of an emotion regulation strategy
            - Focus is to translate the general strategy (e.g., cognitive change) into tactics that are appropriate to the specific situation one is in
            - **Perceptual substep**: represent relevant features of the world as well as various ways of implementing a particular strategy.
            - **valuation substep**: various tactics are evaluated, and the most promising are selected for implementation
            - **action substep**: implementing the most promising tactic. It is only via the implementation of a regulation tactic that the first-level emotion-generative valuation system is regulated
- Individual Differences in Emotion Regulation (p18)
    - At every life stage, individual differences in emotion regulation are evident. 
    - Individual differences also are evident throughout childhood, adolescence, and adulthood, and may be assessed by a seemingly endless array of measures (John & Eng, 2014). 
    - it is useful to draw distinctions among (a) emotion regulation frequency (how often a particular form of emotion regulation is used: e.g., Gross & John, 2003), (b) emotion regulation self-efficacy (how capable a person believes himself or herself to be in using a particular regulation strategy: e.g., Goldin et al., 2012), and (c) emotion regulation ability (how successful a person actually is in using a particular form of emotion regulation; e.g., Troy, Wilhelm, Shallcross, & Mauss, 2010). 
- 

## Cognitive Reframing Related

#### [Cognitive Behavioral Therapy: Basics and Beyond](https://img3.reoveme.com/m/be38edbbfc79330a.pdf)
-  Typical mistakes in thinking / cognitive distortion types (p181-182)
    1. All-or-nothing thinking (also called black-and-white, polarized, or dichotomous thinking): You view a situation in only two categories instead of on a continuum. Example: “If I’m not a total success, I’m a failure.”
    2. Catastrophizing (also called fortune-telling): You predict the future negatively without considering other, more likely outcomes. Example: “I’ll be so upset, I won’t be able to function at all.”
    3. Disqualifying or discounting the positive: You unreasonably tell yourself that positive experiences, deeds, or qualities do not count. Example: “I did that project well, but that doesn’t mean I’m competent; I just got lucky.”
    4. Emotional reasoning: You think something must be true because you “feel” (actually believe) it so strongly, ignoring or discounting evidence to the contrary. Example: “I know I do a lot of things okay at work, but I still feel like I’m a failure.”
    5. Labeling: You put a fixed, global label on yourself or others without considering that the evidence might more reasonably lead to a less disastrous conclusion. Example: “I’m a loser. He’s no good.”
    6. Magnification/minimization: When you evaluate yourself, another person, or a situation, you unreasonably magnify the negative and/or minimize the positive. Example: “Getting a mediocre evaluation proves how inadequate I am. Getting high marks doesn’t mean I’m smart.”
    7. Mental filter (also called selective abstraction): You pay undue attention to one negative detail instead of seeing the whole picture. Example: “Because I got one low rating on my evaluation [which also contained several high ratings] it means I’m doing a lousy job.”
    8. Mind reading: You believe you know what others are thinking, failing to consider other, more likely possibilities. Example: “He thinks that I don’t know the first thing about this project.”`
- Techniques to modify beliefs (p214)
    - You continue to ask patients how much they currently believe a given belief (0–100%), at both an “intellectual” and at a “gut” or “emotional” level, to gauge whether further work is needed
    - example:
        ```
        Old belief: “If I don’t achieve highly, I’m
        a failure.” (50%)
        New belief: “I’m only an overall failure if
        I actually fail at almost everything.”
        (80%)
        ```
    - Techniques to modify beliefs
        1. Socratic questioning.
        2. Behavioral experiments.
        3. Cognitive continuum.
        4. Intellectual–emotional role plays.
        5. Using others as a reference point.
        6. Acting “as if.”
        7. Self-disclosure.

#### [APA’s handout on The 5 Steps of Cognitive Reframing](https://www.apa.org/pubs/books/supplemental/Treatment-for-Postdisaster-Distress/Handout-28.docx)

Worksheet for Cognitive Reframing (can be used to guide LLM behavior)

#### [Cognitive Behavioral Therapy Los Angeles’s Thought Record worksheet](https://static1.squarespace.com/static/51e36ea9e4b0e2abc3eb9d10/t/5f08fdc8b35453569b131086/1594424776738/Thought+Record+7+Worksheet.pdf) 

Worksheet for Cognitive Reframing (can be used to guide LLM behavior)

## PLACEHOLDER
